# M8 Worker Quality Report and UML Sequence Diagram
## Design
Now we will create sequence diagrams for the application. Go back to your analysis diagrams and use cases created earlier, and make them into UML sequence diagrams. This is an individual requirement (as always, you do not have to cover for your team mates). Each person should make a sequence diagram that covers their use case and illustrates the dynamic interactions between objects in the design.

## Implementation
We will now add the ability of the worker to submit a quality report. Ensure that those with only user privilege cannot submit a report.

## Requirements
Have a way to navigate to the water quality report screen
Ensure only workers/managers can access report screen
Ensure screen requests all required information
Cancel screen should not save data
Save should record report in the model
Manager should be able to view the list of quality reports
## Grading Criteria
    Sequence diagram ........... 40
    Previous functions work .... 05
    There is a way to navigate to the quality report input screen… 05
    The input screen requests all required information ..... 10
    Report number auto-generated by system ...... 05
    Submit stores the report in the model ..... 05
    Cancel does not store the report ..... 05
    Manager can view a list of the quality reports ..... 15
    Javadoc and code design ..... 10
    
## Submissions

Electronic submissions should be submitted in .PDF format.
Make sure to write your use case title at the top of your Sequence Diagram
